Something OK so that's part of the story it is actually to be an application itself.
So I'm going to propose two ways to get the cleaning application.
OK.
So the first one to greet me.
OK that's one great lady.
OK.
And this actually made me go to straight lines making terms and then continued straight line so that
it makes it bleed when it makes the page.
So here are going to define the.
Great.
OK so this is a possible implementation of the great key.
It is very simple.
So in the beginning are going to determine our rights as the final goal post which is from.
So this is a bold one.
Wow.
OK.
So what we are going to call is going to.
So the most with up was issue one that supposedly supposedly going to make the robot get to the desired
zero along the x axis.
OK.
And finally got to make straight lines of rotation.
So here it's going to move for 90 days.
So he's going to move now you can do this with two units per second.
And then when it uses them.
So from one to that then it's going to rotate OK with 90 degrees.
OK this means counterclockwise and then it's going to move along.
And that is going to turn again to the left side with 90 degrees.
And so this is actually going to be for some time until the hole is caught.
So let's look at it like this grease cleaner first combine and then secured OK.
First of all the method in the main function.
So I'm going to call the method Gary.
We may.
OK I need to it again
on because the first goes to the position one
goes to the position one then two days after it reaches the orientations your ok and then it makes the
left or 90 degrees OK and then it goes for 90 minutes.
And then it makes it easier station and so.
So the press is reporting that the whole area is actually covered by the see.
So this is a possible way we have used the different methods.
Got to go you know to go to that point.
So I decided to point to the rotation with the under the zero and then move to move the state line.
And so OK.
So there are other ways to perform the duties of the patient and the second way is to do it in this
fashion.
OK.
Actually it means so you're letting to keep turning around and with an increasing radius and the whole
area.
So the second right now you're going to do it using this for the
method to define the spring cleaning method now.
OK.
Is that going to make your day in the.
So how it was.
OK.
Of course you need to create the message.
So this is we are going to put your philosophy on you this message to publish it.
OK so let's assume the other costumes see the form.
This is from the of
doe OK.
I'm going to play here and the message.
So you start to rise mathematically by a constant under-sea.
OK.
So takes the officer if you would like me to day.
So this is what you do.
You are going to put the city on the end of the business if you if you make you lose your add another
list to a certain cost and so when you rotate it looks OK.
Now if you book a constant battle for the X and the cost of bad news for you and the Z in this case
a search because the other book is characterized by the and it's OK and this is not you looking at my
books after you've released Ruby the real you should be bothered by the angular velocity so to make
the day instead of what we should do we should increase the ability so that the radius will also increase
because it is constant then it has certainly the constant radius but says that it increases the risk
of the circle which is over time.
OK.
And finally when he last year.
That's the whole idea of the space.
OK.
And finally we are going to do this under the position of the robot reaches the boundaries.
That's the last stopping condition.
And finally you want to force the rubble to stop by publishing the message.
OK let's look how that works.
Now I'm going to call this for you here and now I have to go by and large myself you can see now easily
deep.
OK.
So it's because we have a coastal city and you can see the radius of the sun increasing because the
closing is also increasing.
And this is done using this equation here.
OK.
The equation of the you live like with Eddie is increased by five
now which is the bomb that these other rocket stops.
OK.
So at this point five can have a bigger if you want to make it bigger here for example 1.0.
Well so to see that it really is much me but the radius will also be a bit bigger.
Compiler
is again
OK you can see it's increasing faster and faster.
So you can play in the bottom here on specifying the radius
but specifying that it is all the stops.
OK so this will lead to the end of the tutorial.
OK.
So in this story I have resort to different methods including the method and the routine method to make
a robot move forward and also to rotate left and right with a certain speed also.
Also I have to find a way to go in order to make an normal move from one point to another point for
from one location to another location.
So the first that you have reused all these methods in order to be a good Gleaner where the rubber meets
straight Motors and then when and the second step he had also made a spill over where the rubber actually
covered the area by maybe going to use fallaciously an increasing radius.
So I hope you have provided you with sufficient background on the main process of the robot operating
systems including publishing topics subscribing to topics and also processing messages.
Thank you for watching.